
I write these down so that I do not forget them…

sana vulnera

sana omnis vulnera

sana ego vicissim

confirma impetum

confirma defensio

noxa host-

... the rest of the page is missing

PART

Opening a Rikken Stone Portal:

Hold the stone up at an eye level and speak each word slowly and clearly. All done right and the portal should open. 

If the portal is not opening correctly one should immediately close the portal by throwing some water on the rikken stone. 

The words to speak are the following: 


magicae potestates longe infra
Inferis magicae meridiem
Aperi ianuam, visita locum
Ianua nobis omnibus patet.
Aperi ianuam vacuam inter omnes
Inanis ad omnia
vacui separata hac porta
Aperi ianuam


PART

The journey before us is difficult, I am sorry to admit but I have little faith that our fellow brothers have survived. I only hope to find and return their bodies so that they might be buried properly. 

PART

Ghouls that tear at our flesh and scream their agonizing screams as they seek our souls. At night we hear the screams as they grow closer. Being beasts with little stamina we often outrun them, but they are smart and have much foresight, I wonder if they cannot communicate with Death himself. They set very good traps and often ambush or attack in hordes. 

PART

I find goblins annoyingly painful to kill. Small and quick but with little power or skill they are little more then an annoyance. 

PART

Sometimes I wish in the course of time we could understand-

PART

Should Mikkel find this I hope he realizes the truth behind these actions. I am no fool and know it was you who killed our king. Mikkel, you were a close friend and brother, I managed to contain my horror at your outrageous action due to the oath I swore.
I know that our king was no saint, and deserved death. However our leader should not have been the one to take his life. It is a stain on your honor, one that you will have to carry with you to your grave. 
I do not blame you Mikkel, I only wish you had not been so rash when taking an action against our own king. I sometimes feel as it if is our fault for the ruin of our kingdom. Thousands if Kakavia have died by our cause. I know I too will go to the grave with a stain, as will all of Silent Warriors. 
We did nothing as our kingdom burned, the people slaughtered. I will live with this guilt forever. And when I die it will be carried into death with me. 