Twenty six years ago Kakavia was a strong nation, powerful, rich, wise. Too powerful, too rich, and too wise. 

The Gate was not a place that mortal men where meant to visit. It is the central place of the universe, a gate between all other deminsions. Rikken Stone, the small blue rocks mined from deep below the earth that seem to have no end to their depth and blueness. Bright little gems, good for jewelry and such. 
But our wise scholars and wizards soon found that these little stones were more powerful than we thought. 
With the correct words spoken, a rikken stone will burst into a glorious shining portal, a door to the gate. 
Once in the gate, the place between all realms, a portal can be opened to the shadow realm. 
The shadow realm is the opposite of our earth. It is the place where all evil resides, the place where death himself rules. Any man who dies there will be trapped forever, his soul controlled by death. His form will become that of a ghoul. A tall thin creature with arms that reach it’s ankles and empty black eyes. It’s entire form is an empty black, as if they have no form at all. 
The ghouls scream, or more the souls trapped inside of them scream, pleaing with death to spare them the pain of being trapped there in endless torture forever. 
We should not have gone there, but our king wanted the power. You see, there was only a single thing that kept death from escaping his castle and using the gate to possess our mortal realm, and that was the Nightstream. A river of pure flowing magic. Death himself, being so vile and evil cannot touch or even be near the pure clean river of good. As such he is trapped there forever. 
But our king wanted the river of magic for himself, so he went there to conquer the shadow realm. 
Death sent his minions, the ghouls to attack, to take away the souls of the soldiers so he could grow in power. Once strong enough death would be able to cross that river of magic.
The king however, despite losses continued on, growing insane with every passing second. 
A group of warriors, some of the mightiest warriors from the king’s army joined together. Taking an oath of silence they swore they would not let the king progress into the Shadowrealm, but would instead drive him out and lock it away from mortals forever. 
They rebelled against the king, crushed the few forces that remained loyal and forced the king out of the ShadowRealm. 
The silent warriors took a stand at the gate, killing any who entered. 
The king, enraged, found the families of the silent warriors who were still living in Kakavia, and burned them all to death. 
The leader of the silent warriors, left the gate, entered the mortal realm and walked into the king’s palace. He didn’t speak a word, but walked up to the king, drew his sword and impaled him to the hilt. Then he drew his sword out, wiped off the blood, sheathed it and left the room. 
No-one dared stop him, no-one dared make a sound. 
He entered into the gate, and disappeared.

Weakened by it’s war against the Shadowrealm, and with it’s king dead, Kakavia fell into shambles, lords and barons fighting for the throne. 
It was the perfect opportunity for Zigor, our rivals and enemies. 
While we grew weaker with the fighting and backstabbing, Zigor grew stronger. Then they attacked. They started at the eastern border and went all the way to the western shore. 
They burned every village. 
Murdered every man women and child.
Sacked every castle.
Destroyed every fort. 

After their two month killing and burning spree, there was so much smoke that the land was dark for weeks, and the smell of rotting flesh was so unbearable the kingdom was empty till it cleared.
When it finally did, Zigor moved in. They built up new castles, and cities, established Kakavia as their own and erased every trace of Kakavia ever existing. 
The few Kakavians that were still alive where hidden in the mountains, but they were spotted by a Zigorian scout. 
The Zigorian army readied the weapons to finish the job, the Kakavians, with few surviving trained soldiers and only three swords for the entire group of two hundred, were sure to be defeated. 
They could only wait in horror for their lives to be snatched away. 
But, as the Zigorian army approached, eager to slaughter the few remaining survivors. A portal opened between the Kakavians and the Zigorians. 
And out stepped a single warrior. 
He was dressed in armor painted black, holding a sword and shield with no markings. Yet all could recognize who he was.
He had no name, at least not that anyone knew. 
But they recognized him. He was the man who had been the mightiest warrior in the Kakavian army, the leader of the Silent Warriors and the man who had killed the king of Kakavia those years ago. 
The portal closed behind him, and he alone stood in defense of the remaining Kakavians. 
One man, no matter how mighty, could not stand against thousands of soldiers. But this man did. 
He drew his sword and waited for the Zigorians to charge. 
Then he killed them all. 
The battle lasted nearly nine hours. It seemed impossible that he was still alive, but when the dust cleared, the screams stopped, one man remained standing in the field of dead soldiers. 
He walked over to the Kakavians, bored a clean rag and wiped his sword, then he sheathed it. 
Then he broke his oath of silence and spoke. 
“I am the only living Warrior left to guard the gate. I swore an oath that I would never speak, and never leave the gate. I swore I would guard it with my life, so that none may enter or exit that place. Today I broke that oath.  Kakavia is my nation, my race, my blood, I will protect it with my all no matter what. I swear on my dead wife and child I will return with an army and free Kakavia, or die trying,”
A portal opened behind him, he stepped inside, and it closed. 
We never saw or heard of him again. 

You may wonder why I write all of this for you. It is so that you do not forget or history David, do not forget who we are, you are of Kakavian blood, this land is Kakavia. And one day we will regain our kingdom. Do not forget who you are. 

— Your loving father, Warren