This may be my final letter to you David. We have decided to press on to find the source of the night stream. I, William and Trekker will be the ones to search for it. While the rest guard the gate. 
I have faced many things here that I do not wish to even speak of, never come to this place David. 
We will be heading into evil’s domain. Should I survive we will free Kakavia and destroy death. I hope I do not die, but I know that it is very likely that I will. 
It is a desperate time, our desperation is pushing us to do things we normally would not. The king and all his armies could not find that source, the chance that I an two other warriors will find it is absurd. 
I hope that the God will be with us on our journey, only with the creator guiding us will we be able to accomplish this mission. 
I write to tell you that I love you son. And to apologize. 
I did not raise you the way I should have, I wasn’t there for your birth and did not even see you till you were seven years old. 
I don’t know what your mother told you of me, if she made you hate me or not. You have the right to be angry at me. 
I married your mother because I loved her, and I swore to protect and cherish her. However I did not do that. 
I spent my life fighting rather than being there for you and her. I only saw her every few months when I was back from a raid or battle. Then I was off again. I never wrote to her, she never knew if I was alive or dead, till the day I came back. 
She had every right to leave me, I dishonored and did not care for her.  When she did leave me I didn’t even care, my love for her had faded, I didn’t even care that she carried my child. 
She was a wonderful women your mother, I cannot believe the way I treated her, and how long she put up with me. 
Oh how I wish I could go back and change the thing I have done. When I did finally realize how horribly disgusting and dishonorable I had been it was too late. I went to find her and found her grave. She had died a month before. 
I took you in, but I did not raise you as I should have. I failed your mother and I failed you. I hired someone to take care of you and went off to fight again. 
I must admit that the fighting was to keep me from thinking of her and you, and the way I had failed you both. I knew what I was doing was wrong and I used fighting to drown it out. 
The last I saw you you were sixteen, I have not seen you since then and it has been nearly four years. I probably would not even recognize you.
I do not know if you receive these letters. I don’t know what you are doing, who you are. You could be married now with children, my grand children and I would not now. 
Time passes differently here at the Gate, while you have aged four years I have lived twenty, however my body has not aged since when I entered. 
I love you son, and I loved your mother.
You may not love me and you may not even care to hear what I have to say, but I will say it anyways. I want to give you advice, advice that every father should give their son but I never gave to you. 
I regret that I was not there to teach of things that I should have, I never watched you grow up, I rarely even spoke with you. 
There are so many things that I wish to teach you but these are the ones I hold most dear. 
Find a women you love, and love her. Protect and care for her, honor her. Don’t ever leave her, never hurt her and never lie to her. 
In my life in the army I’ve seen many men have their lives ruined these this. 
Be wary of drink. I love a good ale and it’s not a bad thing, but do not be a drunkard, and, above all else, never come go back home if you are drunk. 
I don’t know if you are a warrior son, but their are many things I have learned in battle I wish I knew when I started to fight. 
Don’t glorify death. Don’t be excited to take another man’s life. Yes, in battle there is a thrill, a rush of excitement, but do not feel joy when you kill another living being. 
Don’t ever kill be filled with revenge. Don’t kill someone out of anger or in revenge, it is not worth it and will not make you feel any better. 
Time is running out, we need to cross there river of magic within the hour before the current is too strong. There are so many things I wish to tell you I could write a whole book. I will not however, so I will tell you one final thing. 

Many young men strive for power, honor, and position. Do not. Instead of striving to become a renowned knight known for many feats, for his grand castles and many servents, strive to be a wise man, a kind man. 
This does not mean to be weak, be strong. In battle fight fiercely and with power, you must be brutal and fearless in battle, but that cannot be all of you. You must also be kind, gentle, and meek, loving and merciful. 
Remember not only to train your body and sword, but also your mind, and soul. 
Act, I have to go now son. I wish I had a chance to write this better but I do not. I love you with all my heart David. I hope that you love me as well, but if you do not, I understand why. 
May the creator protect and be with you. 

—  Your  loving and repentful father, Warren Lightfoot
