David. This is your father Warren. I am writing you from the gate. The stone platform that acts as the gate between our realm and theirs. 
You do know know me, and I do not know you. 
So I wish to explain myself, so you can at least know who your father was. 

I am Warren Lightfoot, one of the king’s Wardens. 
My father was Kurdith Lightfoot and my mother was Elizabeth Lightfoot. I was raised in a rich home and trained from a boy as a knight. 
I was selected to become one of the king’s Wardens at the age of sixteen. It is a prestigious warrior to be, and I was enamored by the honor and glory of that position. 
I trained for four years, doing some of the hardest things I could imagine to become one. I saw many fail the training and I was one of the few that completed it.
That however was not a good thing for me, I was prideful in my skill and prestige. Not humble and grateful as I should have been. 
I joined in many battles and fought all across Kakavia, defending our borders from raiders, fighting in the wars against Zigor and She Shega. 
That was when I met your mother. Her village was being raided by a group of bandits, I was a young Captain at the time. Me and my Wardens crushed the bandits, they were untrained soldiers, and although they outnumbered us we were highly trained warriors and well armed. 
We entered to village to see who had survived the raid, I found the most beautiful woman on earth, standing near the town square, wearing a bow and quiver with only a single arrow left. Lining the streets were dozens of bodies, arrows sticking from them. 
I was impressed by her and enamored, I guess she was with me as well. We stayed and helped repair the damages from the raid, mostly as an excuse to be close to her. She was the most wonderful women in the world. 
Beautiful and elegant, yet not afraid to do any sort of work. She wasn’t a half bad archer as well. Her swordsmenship was lacking, but that was compared to me, who had been tutored by some of the best swordsmen from the age of five. 
We left the village, and I sent her many letters. She lived alone with her aging father, he died several months later, and I offered her a position in my fathers castle. She was an expert calligrapher and my father was looking for a scribe. 
He took a liking to her and agreed to let me marry her. I asked her permission one starry night and to my outmost joy she said yes. 
We were married a few months after that, and were a happy couple at first. 
Then I was called away to war. 
To my eternal shame I did not care for your mother the way I should have. I spent my life at war and barely visited her. After the short war with Zigor we were together for nearly six months. 
We had many fights during that time, so I left her and chose to go back to war. I came back six months later and she was gone. I never bothered to look for her but continued fighting, to keep myself from thinking about any of it. 
The years passed by and I grew in prestige and skill as a warrior. When we discovered the Gate I was one of the first to enter enter it. It was a wild and dangerous place, but I was sure we could conquer it. 
The war turned into stalemate though, a ghoul killed will only return to Death before it’s body is reformed and it comes back to fight again. We were losing hundreds of soldiers daily. 
In the stalemate of war, I started to think of your mother. I realized that I had not just been a fool in leaving her. But I had been a bad man. I had sworn to take care of her as my wife and yet I had left her and didn’t even know where she was. 
I felt disgusted with myself, disgusted with the things I had done. I swore to stop this and fix it all. I left the Shadow realm and searched for your mother. 
I found her grave a few days later, and was told I had been a month too late. 
I had known she was carrying my child, she had sent a few letters about you being born and such, but I didn’t even think about you at that time till one of the villagers asked me who I was, and then if I wanted to see my son. 
I took you with my back to my father’s castle, which was mine now, and had the servants take care of you.
I was so sick with my failure I immediately left to go back to the gate. There I faught harder then ever, using my grief and anger at myself to slaughter any enemies. 
For a short time we seemed to be progressing. The enemies castle was in sight, but the ghouls only grew stronger and more adjusted to our tactics. 
Moral dropped and we had too many deserters to even track them all down. 
The king was insane at this point. Parker, besides William was my closet friend. He told me he could not put up with the kings horrible tactics and judgements, and went to the king. 
He begged him to stop this crusade and to go back to Kakavia, the shadow realm was a place of evil and not meant for mortals like us to be in. 
The king whoever was so close to the power he would not give up. 
When Parker saw the king could not be reasoned with he threw down his sword and left. The king ordered me to go after him and kill him. I found him at the gate, about to leave the Shadow Realm. 
He asked me if I was going to try and kill him, I told him that of course I wasn’t. 
He begged me to come with him and to leave this horrible place, but I knew if I left this fight, I would start thinking of your mother and you again and I could not bear to think about those things. 
So I told him I was going to stay and let him leave.
We continued the fight for three more months. The losses were so heavy at this point I nearly felt like joining Parker in desertion, but I stayed. 
At that time, one of our greatest warriors and second in command only to the king, asked me to join him in rebellion against the king.
At first we were only going to go and try and reason with him. I joined him, as did William shortly after, and then Trekker and Coyote, both young and wild scouts. Ferric, a wizard like William was the last the join. Together we made up a group of the best and most well known knights of the kingdom. We went to the king and asked him to stop this crusade. He would not. There was only one thing left for us to do. 
We took an oath of silence, an oath to drive out the king and lock the gate from him forever. 
Then we waged a war against the king, even though we were six the king’s forces were so small at that time and he harried them so much we finally forced them out. 
Once they were out of the shadow realm Ferric built a spell and he and William used it to lock the gate from the outside world, so the rikken stones would no longer open a portal to it. 
Then we took up our place on the gate, to guard it forever, from both the Ghouls and their master trying to escape, and any mortal who dares to enter. 
This is who I am. 

— Your father Warren.